Refactor TestServer into per-protocol namespaces (#52)
danschultzer/test_server: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> - BREAKING CHANGE: Moved HTTP and WebSocket API to `TestServer.HTTP` and server adapters to `TestServer.HTTP.Server.*`

Reviewer: May make more sense to have it as a description:

```suggestion
## Unreleased

*This release contains breaking changes.*

All public functions in `TestServer` have been moved to `TestServer.HTTP`.
```
